Updated chip and chips area Indigo.Design System section (#382)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/chips.md

The Chip comes in three density variants:

- Comfortable - Suitable for interactive scenarios e.g. action triggers
- Cosy - Appropriate for short areas such as the recipient field of an email message composer
- Compact - Best for data-dense scenarios such as the values for a cell in the Grid

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_comfy.png" srcset="../images/chip_comfy@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_cosy.png" srcset="../images/chip_cosy@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_compact.png" srcset="../images/chip_compact@2x.png 2x" />

## Chip State

> When the user interacts with the Chip, it goes through various states: **idle**, selected when the user has performed selective action, and **focus** while the user is navigating through the tab index. These flexibility enhancements afford a more dynamic interaction design that can seamlessly flow into high-fidelity prototyping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user interacts with the Chip, it may change from the default **idle** state to focus and vice versa. This affords a more dynamic interaction design that can seamlessly flow into high-fidelity prototyping.
```

`Text`

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_prefix.png" srcset="../images/chip_prefix@2x.png 2x" />
`Prefix`

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_prefix_suffix.png" srcset="../images/chip_prefix_suffix@2x.png 2x" />
`Prefix+Suffix`

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_suffix.png" srcset="../images/chip_suffix@2x.png 2x" />
`Suffix`

## Chip Styling

The Chip comes with styling flexibility through the various overrides controlling the border and background colors, as well as the text and prefix, suffix, selection and remove icon colors, where applicable.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_styling.png" srcset="../images/chip_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Chips Area

Use the Chips Area Component to organize a collection of Chips. The Chips Area is identical to the container area used in Ignite UI for Angular, which is explained at length in the [Ignite UI for Angular Chip Component](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/angular/components/chip.html) help topic.

### Chips Area Demo

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chips_area_demo.png" srcset="../images/chips_area_demo@2x.png 2x" />

### Chips Area Type

> The Chips Area is available in two distinct types: a **standard** one, where the Chips represent an unrelated collection and a **connected** one, where the Chips appear in a predefined sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chips Area is available in two distinct types: Chips, where the Chip collection is not related, and **Connected Chips**, where Chips appear in a predefined sequence.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chips_area_standard.png" srcset="../images/chips_area_standard@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chips_area_connected.png" srcset="../images/chips_area_connected@2x.png 2x" />

### Chips Area Styling

The Chips Area comes with the inherent styling flexibility of the Chips, but, where applicable, also allows changing the color and glyph of the connector icon.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chips_area_styling.png" srcset="../images/chips_area_styling@2x.png 2x" />

## Usage

> When using a Chip adjust its size so that the text content appears on a single line. If the Chip is used as an action trigger for related content avoid using it in scenarios where there is only one available action, or for configurations presenting only one selectable option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a Chip, the obround will automatically size itself to fit the content and you only need to adjust the size of the instance accordingly. If the Chip is used as an action trigger for related content avoid using it in scenarios where there is only one available action, or for configurations presenting only one selectable option.
```

| Do                                                                         | Don't                                                                          |

> | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

Reviewer: Remove the first do and don't as it is not applicable anymore

- Compact - Best for data-dense scenarios such as the values for a cell in the Grid

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_comfy.png" srcset="../images/chip_comfy@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_cosy.png" srcset="../images/chip_cosy@2x.png 2x" />
<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_compact.png" srcset="../images/chip_compact@2x.png 2x" />

## Chip State

When the user interacts with the Chip, it may change from the default **idle** state to focus and vice versa. This affords a more dynamic interaction design that can seamlessly flow into high-fidelity prototyping.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_comfy.png" srcset="../images/chip_comfy@2x.png 2x" />
`idle`

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_focus.png" srcset="../images/chip_focus@2x.png 2x" />
`focus`

## Chip Selection

When a chip is selected a special check icon will appear at the far left to indicate this. The `🔣 Selection Icon` override provides the means to trigger this functionality.

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chip_idle_selected.png" srcset="../images/chip_idle_selected@2x.png 2x" />

## Remove Chip

> When a chip is can be removed a special cancel icon will appear at the far right to indicate this. The `🔣 Remove Icon` override provides the means to trigger this functionality.

Reviewer 2: I guess "is" should be removed

| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chips_area_do1.png" srcset="../images/chips_area_do1@2x.png 2x" /> | <img class="responsive-img" src="../images/chips_area_dont1.png" srcset="../images/chips_area_dont1@2x.png 2x" /> |

> ### Chips Area Detach Symbol
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Chips Area must be detached. When detached you will notice that it contains a number of child elements. These elements will be individual Chip elements. For Chip Areas with connected chips you will see connector elements. The individual Chip has the same overrides as the Chip mentioned above. The overrides for the connector will be listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Chips Area Connector Icon
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This override controls what icon glyph is used between Chips inside the Chips Area. It is possible to change the type of icon as well as its color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
